docs: add docs for ELB access logs (#3877)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/environment.en.md

By attaching public certificates to your load balancer, you can associate your Load Balanced Web Services with a domain name and reach them with HTTPS. 
See the [Developing/Domains](../developing/domain.en.md#use-domain-in-your-existing-validated-certificates) guide to learn more about how to redeploy services using [`http.alias`](./lb-web-service.en.md#http-alias).

<span class="parent-field">http.public.</span><a id="http-public-access-logs" href="#http-public-access-logs" class="field">`access_logs`</a> <span class="type">Boolean or Map</span>   

> The access_logs section allows you to enable Elastic Load Balancing access logs.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable Elastic Load Balancing access logs.   
```

> If you specify a boolean, Copilot will create a bucket on behalf of you and enable access logs on the Public Load Balancer which will write the logs in the Copilot created bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you specify `true`, Copilot will create an S3 bucket to which the Public Load Balancer will store access logs.
```

```yaml
http:
  public:
    access_logs: true 
```

You can also specify an existing S3 bucket with a map.
```yaml
http:
 public:
   access_logs:
     bucket_name: my-bucket
     bucket_prefix: access-logs
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Similarly we might want to have a section for each of `bucket_name` and `bucket_perfix`!

Author: Ooo

> You can also specify access_logs as a map: in this case Copilot will enable access logs on the Public Load Balancer with the given input. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify an existing S3 bucket with a map. 
```

By attaching public certificates to your load balancer, you can associate your Load Balanced Web Services with a domain name and reach them with HTTPS. 
See the [Developing/Domains](../developing/domain.en.md#use-domain-in-your-existing-validated-certificates) guide to learn more about how to redeploy services using [`http.alias`](./lb-web-service.en.md#http-alias).

<span class="parent-field">http.public.</span><a id="http-public-access-logs" href="#http-public-access-logs" class="field">`access_logs`</a> <span class="type">Boolean or Map</span>   

> Enable Elastic Load Balancing access logs.   

Reviewer 3: very nit 🥺 (there's a few of these in here)
```suggestion
Enable Elastic Load Balancing access logs.
```

Reviewer 3: also maybe we should add a link to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-access-logs.html

Reviewer 4: We should leave the trailing spaces so that markdown adds a newline char 😄

Reviewer 3: it does add it without trailing spaces 🤔

Author: whenever I press enter for the next line it doesn't really add it. So I add trailing spaces which works fine.

> If you specify `true`, Copilot will create an S3 bucket to which the Public Load Balancer will store access logs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you specify `true`, Copilot will create an S3 bucket where the Public Load Balancer will store access logs.
```

```yaml
http:
  public:
    access_logs: true 
```

> You can also specify an existing S3 bucket with a map.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can also specify an existing S3 bucket:
```

```yaml
http:
 public:
   access_logs:
     bucket_name: my-bucket

>      bucket_prefix: access-logs

Reviewer 4: Is this `prefix` now?

> ```

Reviewer 2: What do you think of first giving an example for prefix:
```
You can customize the log prefix:
```yaml
http:
 public:
   access_logs:
     bucket_prefix: access-logs
# ```
```

Then,
```
It is also possible to use your own S3 bucket instead of letting Copilot creates one for you:
```yaml
http:
 public:
   access_logs:
     bucket_name: my-bucket
     bucket_prefix: access-logs
# ```
```

Reviewer 2: Also I just realized the field name for prefix is `bucket_prefix`. My understanding is that the field is really a prefix for the log objects that is being produced. 

Say you have a bucket named "MyBucket". With `bucket_prefix` set to "myprefix", the logs will be created in `MyBucket/myprefix/AWSLogs/accountID/...`. Without `bucket_prefix` it'd be `MyBucket/AWSLogs/accountID...`. So it's not a prefix to the bucket, but a prefix to the log objects.

Is this understanding correct? If so, would an alternative such as `log_prefix` be a more accurate name?

> <span class="parent-field">http.public.access_logs</span><a id="http-public-access-logs-bucket-name" href="#http-public-access-logs-bucket-name" class="field">`bucket_name`</a> <span class="type">String</span>   
> Existing S3 bucket name 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<span class="parent-field">http.public.access_logs.</span><a id="http-public-access-logs-bucket-name" href="#http-public-access-logs-bucket-name" class="field">`bucket_name`</a> <span class="type">String</span>   
The name of an existing S3 bucket to which to store the access logs.
```

> <span class="parent-field">http.public.access_logs</span><a id="http-public-access-logs-bucket-prefix" href="#http-public-access-logs-bucket-prefix" class="field">`bucket_prefix`</a> <span class="type">String</span>   
> S3 bucket prefix

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<span class="parent-field">http.public.access_logs.</span><a id="http-public-access-logs-bucket-prefix" href="#http-public-access-logs-bucket-prefix" class="field">`bucket_prefix`</a> <span class="type">String</span>   
The prefix for the log objects.
```
If my understanding for the prefix is correct.
